Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
There is a lot going on again as usual, but I just wanted to say happy Palm Sunday.
We have one week from today that we are able to celebrate the Lord Jesus Christ and his resurrection.
What a time of the year it is!
This is my favorite time of the year, y'all.
I mean, whenever the spring is here, the grass is coming out, all the beautiful trees are budding, and all the birds are coming back from the south, I personally believe, other than fall, it doesn't get better than that.
I love fall, too; I love the colors.
But I'm excited about resurrection Sunday.
We're going to pray for the protection over the people today for resurrection Sunday, that no terrorist attacks, no plots, and no plans of the evil one would come against us as we go into our houses of worship to worship our risen savior.
I know that the enemy comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but we have power and authority over him.
We're not going to allow, in the name of Jesus, any of that to happen in any places of the earth.
The Lord warned us when I've told you all about praying over the churches in the Middle East, our brothers and sisters in the Middle East, praying over them that they would have safety in this time of worship.
And even in the United States of America, I know that we keep things at bay as we take our authority, take communion, pray daily, and come before him boldly, taking our rightful place and seat next to him.
I know a lot of people liked the tithing video.
I made that; I try to be real with people, but you're not going to appease everybody.
So, I'm just like, 'Whatever.
If you like it, you like it; if you don't, you don't.
' It's what we believe, it's how we live, and this is how I'll continue to live.
And what I believe is that unless the Holy Spirit corrects me, I'm just going to keep on keeping on because I've been doing it for 20 years.
So, it is what it is.
People ask me, 'Brandon, what do you believe?
' So, we just tell you, 'Hey, this is where I'm at.
' And if I told you the hundredfold ground, you'd get ticked off and wouldn't watch the channels anymore because I know some of the people you can't stand.
So, we don't even tell you the hundredfold ground, but I know what the hundredfold ground is because I studied it.
It took me years of sowing and praying and listening to the Holy Spirit and asking him what the hundredfold ground is.
I found some nuggets, but that came through a lot of spiritual pressure.
I try to hint around sometimes around these preachers that I know the hundredfold ground's on, and then I know the ones whose ground is bad ground.
I say it's crap ground that doesn't grow anything at all.
People really follow some of those folks and they go, 'Oh yeah, they're really good ground.
' I say, 'No, that ground sucks.
' I'm just being real.
Probably not a good word to use, but it's just true.
And you've got the one ground that's really good and they go, 'We can't stand them because they have jets and they have all this stuff.
' Folks, I'll give you a hint on some things: if they are successful in ministry, the Bible says if you're faithful with little, God will make you ruler over much.
So, God is the God of increase.
He's the one that brings the increase on folks.
And if they are walking in abundance, they've been faithful with what they have and God's giving them more.
So if you see somebody who doesn't have much and their ministry isn't flourishing year after year and they're staying the same, they haven't passed the test.
It takes you going from glory to glory, and you pass the test, and he gives you more like the talents.
But you get mad and want to crucify the guy who has more and they go, 'Well, how much do they have?
They have too much; they must have swindled it out of an old lady.
' Folks, come on.
God is the God of increase.
So, you want to gravitate to the ground.
If they've been in ministry—not like me, I've been in ministry for a year and a half going on two years.
Two years, right?
Wow, time goes fast.
So I'm just a baby in this, just like a toddler.
But if you've been in ministry for 30 years and you're still the same and you haven't changed and nothing's going from glory to glory and your capacity hasn't increased to be able to handle or reach more, you haven't passed the test.
It doesn't make you bad; it just means you need to go through the refiner's fire so that you're able to handle more.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell you all?
You see a lot of ministries that don't have any more anointing.
They don't have any more presence.
They don't have any more stuff going on for them.
They keep going on the same way, going around the same mountain all the time.
You look at them and then you give to their ground and you go, 'Oh, well, I understand.
' But then you sow to the good ground that is blessed and you go, 'Wow,' and you instantaneously get a big harvest back.
And I've learned to test the soil.
I flow that way.
I tell my wife all the time, 'Let's not go and give a whole bucket load of seed.
Let's take $100 or $50 and sow it into that ground and see how long it takes.
' And we'll call that in.
It's not all on the minister, too.
By the way, the Holy Spirit said this to me: 'Brandon, you're blaming the harvest solely on the minister, but the sower has part of it, too.
' It's not all on the person in the soil; it's on the seed sower.
So you need to know it's a half-and-half responsibility.
You have to name your seed, you have to water your seed by watering it with the word, calling those things that be not as though they were, keeping strife out of your house, taking communion on a day-to-day basis, and sending your angels forth in the name of Jesus to bring forth your harvest.
And if you're sitting there just idly by going, 'Well, I'm just waiting for my good truck to come in with all my goods on it.
Where's my miracle package?
' I told you the Bible says whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
So if you've got to put your hand to something, you don't sit by with your thumb in your nose.
You've got to go out and do something.
Put your faith in action.
Faith without works is dead.
Now I sit there and go, 'Well, I'm just waiting.
I want my angel to bring my sack of money.
' I told you that's a miracle and that happens, but it's not something that happens all the time.
I'd say more than what I've ever seen in my life, God says, 'Brandon, go out and get it, buddy.
Take your hand to it and make it happen.
But I will bless whatever you put your hands to.
' Do something with your life.
You're waiting so much for the ice cream truck to come by, but you've got to go out and get it.
Go down to Blue Bell and get you some.
I haven't had ice cream in a while; the Lord won't let me have it.
So, I'm thinking about it right now.
It's like, 'Oh, God, help me.
' Just being real.
I was thinking about my ice cream, but we're getting over that.
Anyway, doing these videos...
okay.
So, when we see the ground and you're sowing into the ground, look at the fruit that the ground has.
What's going on around their ministry?
Is their ministry prospering?
Is their ministry flourishing?
Has God anointed them?
If you see change and souls are coming in like Billy Graham, you know Billy Graham was good soil, right?
He's not here anymore, so I can use him as an example.
You won't throw eggs at me.
Billy Graham's soil—I'm sure at that time, I never sowed into it—was probably very fertile ground because why?
He was getting a lot of people born again and his ministry was exploding.
It was like, "Wow, look at what's going on with Billy Graham.
Everybody knew Billy Graham.
" He was a household name, right?
So, if you see somebody and God is really touching them, try it.
That's all I can say.
Try it.
And maybe, just maybe, if you keep your heart right and don't badmouth them, you sit there and think, "God, you're obviously touching this individual for a reason.
Something's going on with it.
I'm going to test the ground.
" Now, if you have some of these others whose ground is their ministry, they're the same.
Their following hasn't changed.
If it seems that everything around them is dying, then you have to go.
There's nothing wrong with small churches, but if the church is not getting any growth, if it is not bringing anybody to get saved, if it's not baptizing, if it's not laying hands on the sick, if it's not casting out devils, I would consider why I'm going to church there.
Does that make sense?
You have to be careful where you're going.
Don't go and put yourself in a church that's dead.
They're not getting any outreach.
They're not getting anybody saved.
They're just there on a Sunday or Wednesday.
They have a couple Bible studies and go home, and they're not really into expanding our tent and reaching the nations for Jesus because that's what we're there for anyway.
I don't want to just have a feel-good sermon.
Maybe have a potluck; some people have potlucks, you know, they'll have some tables or have some fried chicken or whatever, and they'll eat and have a little fellowship.
And you walk away and think, "But did we get anybody new saved?
Did we try?
Did we help anybody?
" Year after year, it's the same old thing.
But if you're trying to expand your borders and you're letting the Holy Ghost flow, and you see people's lives changing—drug addicts or prostitutes or whatever—and they're getting their lives set free, then by all means, man, that's alive.
I want to be where it's alive.
I want to see people's lives changed from glory to glory where the Holy Ghost is allowed to move.
It happens.
There are churches like that.
Collinsville is one.
Pastor Candace and Chip let the Holy Ghost move, but there are some folks that won't.
I'm trying to paint a picture that it's not all the soil's fault.
You've got to call in your seed, you've got to water your seed, and you've got to be speaking.
Don't be speaking double.
A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways.
You can't be saying, "Well, we're broke, busted, and disgusted.
We're never going to get anything.
We're always going to be poor.
Grandma was poor, we're poor, and my kids are going to be poor.
" No, we are barrier breakers.
Poverty stops with us.
We're not having it ever again.
We're not going to live in it.
I am going to decree and declare that the blessing and the favor of God is on me, and that everything I put my hands to will prosper.
Everything I do, Father, I'm anointed to do it, and you've appointed me for such a time as this.
My angels are going out right now from the north, south, east, and west, and bringing my harvest in.
I thank you, Holy Spirit, that you're bringing favor.
Everywhere I go, I have favor.
When I walk into a store, I have favor.
Whenever I walk out of the store, I have favor because I'm blessed coming in, I'm blessed going out, I'm blessed in the city, and I'm blessed in the field.
You've got to believe it, but you've got to say it out of your mouth.
Stop that milly-mouthed talking.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue and you're eating the fruit of what you've been saying.
Remember that, ladies and gentlemen.
As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
The Bible says as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
So don't take thoughts that contradict what you feel in your heart.
Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
The more you say it, the more you're going to reap it.
And you have more power over your seed than just the bad ground is what the Holy Spirit said to me.
You need to know that.
He said, "Brenda, you can't just blame that on the preacher's ground.
" He said, "There's a lot of them that are out there saying out of their mouth, 'Well, I never get a harvest.
'" You need to learn, because I've learned to watch my words.
I've never, since I've been raising my son in the last 16 years, said poverty out of my mouth.
We refuse to live by the curse of the law.
I'm blessed because Deuteronomy 28 says so.
I believe that Isaac planted in famine and reaped a hundredfold that same year.
I believe that God is no respecter of persons and that what he did for Isaac, he'll do for me.
Isaac sowed in famine.
Genesis 26, one of my favorite chapters.
Isaac sowed in famine, and that same year he reaped a hundredfold.
So he sowed in famine.
There was no rain, but God still blessed it.
It's not all just about the soil; it's what you believe and what you say out of your mouth.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
So you have to take authority over your words.
You need to take communion and call crop failure over every bad word you've said, over every idle word of poverty, lack, and milly-mouthed talk like, "Oh, we're never going to get out of this house.
" I always have the blessing on my life.
Why?
Because I believe in the covenant that God has given me.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
And he's given me the ability and the power to get wealth with these hands.
Show me, Holy Spirit, how to do it today.
Give me wisdom on where I'm supposed to put my boat into motion.
Faith without works is dead.
And if you're not doing something to bring it forth, your faith is not working.
You are snared by the words of your mouth, too.
So it all works like that big motor; it all ticks together.
And if you're not walking in love and you're walking in strife and you're doing all the things, you're putting a dam on the blessing coming into your household.
And I always come before covenant with this communion all the time.
That's why we have it everywhere.
I got sacks of them everywhere because I believe in the power of the blood of Jesus.
I believe in the power of the communion and what he did for me.
This is all about it right now, ladies and gentlemen: Palm Sunday going into the crucifixion of Good Friday and saying, "Jesus, thank you for what you did for me and you delivered me from Deuteronomy 28 according to your word.
" He said in Galatians, "Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
" And this is what he'd redeemed me from: Deuteronomy 28 and all those curses down below it.
He redeemed me from every single one of those curses.
Deuteronomy 28 says all those blessings will come upon those, and he redeemed me from every one of them.
I'm not underneath the curse because Galatians says that Christ redeemed me from all the curses of Deuteronomy 28, ladies and gentlemen.
And we don't have to walk in sickness.
We don't have to walk in lack.
We can walk in abundance.
And that's why we have to speak and decree a thing out of our mouth.
Say it because life and death is in the power of your tongue.
And faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
And you have to speak it out your mouth.
You have to say it out your mouth: "I believe.
I receive a million-dollar check in the name of Jesus.
" Stretch out there big—that's big to me.
I'm believing for a $100,000 check.
I believe.
You say it out your mouth: "I believe for a $10,000 check.
" You may just be at a $500 level.
That's fine.
Or a $100 level.
I believe for a $100 check.
Say it out your mouth.
And the more you say it, the more you believe it because your heart's going to start to change.
You're going to start to change.
It's like dumping in clean water: when you see the oil and the dirty water, you keep dumping in the clean, clean, clean, and eventually it keeps filtering.
It'll filter all that mess out of you.
The more the life, the more this lifegiving beautiful Bible, this beautiful word gets on the inside of you and it becomes real to you.
The more you get this inside of you and you go from glory to glory, that pouring water filters all that trash out because this is life.
And so the more you get it, the more you won't think that because you're renewing your mind to the word of God.
You got to renew your mind.
You got to think what this word says about you.
I believe what the Bible says about me.
I can have what the Bible says I can have.
Just like John Osteen used to say, "I believe what the word of God says about me.
I can have what the Bible says I have.
" I'm not going to be moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm going to be moved by what the word of God says.
That's what you got to do.
And that's what you got to believe.
So, like I said, you can't just sit there and say, "Well, it's all about the preacher.
" No, it's about you, too.
You got to say things out your mouth.
That's right.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue.
Remember that.
So, I don't know what got me off on that, but Holy Ghost, I guess, he wanted that to be said.
He told me, he said, "Brandon, you're missing it.
You got to say more than that.
You got to say more than that, son.
It's not just about planting in the good ground, but you got to water your seed.
" Just like a farmer, we got to believe for the rain.
You got to believe for the rain and believe for fertilizer.
You got to believe for all this stuff.
We got to say it and then you got to believe it and then you receive it.
Be discerning and look around you.
What kind of fruit is happening?
Whose lives are being changed?
Because the Holy Spirit's in that.
When you see people's lives being changed and they're not staying the same and you can look at them a year later and that baby Christian's getting the meat of the word and they're learning how to stand and have a backbone—my goodness, that has to be some good ground there.
Does that make sense?
Because if they're not, bottom line is, y'all, I want you to be blessed.
I don't want you to struggle.
I don't want you to live another day in poverty.
I don't want you to live another day in sickness and disease.
This is the most beautiful time of the year for you to have an inward-looking examination.
Check yourself and say, "Where am I at right now with the Father?
Where am I at with the blessing on my life?
Where am I at with healing and not walking into disease and poverty and lack and not enough?
Am I in overflow?
Is there anything that I can do to increase in my life to change, to tweak some things?
" Maybe just a little bit.
No, nobody's perfect.
None of us are.
But I'm going to tell you, we all strive to be more like Jesus.
It's all about looking at him and staying vertical and saying, "Jesus, I want to be more like you.
I've got a long way to go, Father.
But one day, I believe from going from glory to glory, I'm being more and more like you.
Thank you, Lord.
I receive it by grace.
" But we take this body and we lift it up before him.
We thank him for Palm Sunday.
We thank him for all that he's provided.
Thank him for he set the captives free and that the seeds we've sown in the past, he said, will come to harvest at last.
And there'll be an acceleration of seed time and harvest in these days ahead.
Believe that.
Believe it today.
So, Father, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that we don't have to be underneath the devil's boot no more because Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And we receive it by faith in the name of Jesus.
And we say it out our mouth: "I am healed by your stripes.
I am delivered from poverty because you said you became poor that we might be rich.
" We take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord.
Lord, we take the blood.
We thank you, Lord, for your sacrifice for all those stripes and all that.
You said if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Lord, we've messed up.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Forgive me of my sins.
You know what I've done, but Lord, I thank you.
You said if I confess it, all those things, Lord, I confess it.
Father, I've messed up.
I plead the blood over my sins today.
God, I plead the blood over me.
And I plead the blood over my children and over my wife, over my house, over my car, over all of me, my dogs.
Lord, I put a bloodline around all of us that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
And you said you rebuke the devourer for our sake.
Lord, we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
We apply it to our life from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
You wash us clean.
Thank you, Father, for Resurrection Sunday's coming.
You've been so good to us.
We plead the blood, Lord.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Now, I want to pray some more.
I know I said a lot right then, but I feel like we should pray for the trade war thing and we should pray for Canada's elections in two weeks, protection over our services for Easter for all around the world.
So, you agree with me and we're going to cover this.
We're called to pray.
We're going to believe for it.
All right.
We're going to believe we walk in victory.
We are on the victory side.
We're on the victory side because as he is, so are we in this world.
And if he did it back then, he'll do it.
Even greater works will we do, he said.
So, Father, we take our authority right now in the name of Jesus.
We're seated with you and we make much of the blood today.
We apply the blood over our nation, over the trade wars and the things that are taking place.
And we see the birthing pains that are happening all around us.
Father, labor pains upon a woman; so will it be.
They're coming forth as it was in the days of Noah.
I don't know what Noah was like back then, but it must have been dark.
And I know, Father, that we're getting so close to your return.
This could be the last Palm Sunday we have on this earth.
Could be.
No man knows the day or the hour, but we're always looking for him all the time.
Think about it.
This could be the last Palm Sunday.
Could be.
So, Father, we make much of it.
Hosanna in the highest.
Lord, we worship you.
We thank you.
Thank you for the glory.
Thank you for your presence, oh God.
Thank you, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory to glory.
And Lord, we lift up everybody's needs today.
All the pictures, all the things, we lay hands on those pictures.
And we believe that they're healed and whole and well.
Marriages are restored.
Their households are restored.
Their marriages are stronger than they have ever been before.
There's peace between wives and husbands.
There's no more strife.
There's no more adulteries and discords and all the things that are going on with so many of you.
I plead the blood of Jesus over it, Father.
And I thank you that they're delivered from satanic bondage in Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, they're delivered in the name of Jesus.
And for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single person who's watching this video right now, we call them delivered.
We call them free.
We call them healed.
We call them whole.
We call them well.
And for the little girl that's ten years old, I got the email from Brazil and they watch us.
She's had seizures.
We call her healed and whole and delivered from that demonic spirit right now in the name of Jesus.
Any kind of demonic stronghold that's come on this child, we call it broken off of you in Jesus' name.
We call you healed and whole and well from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
And the satanic witchcraft that has tried to come against you, we take authority over it in Jesus' name.
You'll not have this little girl.
You'll not touch her.
She's delivered.
And we say in the name of Jesus, for whom the Son is set free is free indeed.
And we thank you, Lord, that the family takes communion and that we believe that she's delivered from this satanic attack.
I see the origins of this where it comes from.
Get the fear out of the house.
Get the fear out of the house and anoint that baby with oil.
Apply the blood over her mind.
Apply the blood before she goes to bed and anoint her head with oil.
Draw a bloodline around her.
It got in once; don't let it stay anymore.
Pray over it.
Put the bloodline.
Do you understand?
Apply the blood and make much of the blood around your house and anoint your house with oil.
Sir, you need to put the bloodline on your doorpost and around your business and around your stuff.
There's a satanic attack against you.
You understand?
It's not for you to be afraid of, but you've ticked some people off.
Plead the blood over your household.
Plead the blood.
Make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Healing flow in Jesus' name.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
Every single one of you is delivered in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the healing power that flows.
We thank you, Lord, for every one of them delivered from seizures, from all kinds of epilepsy.
We bind it in Jesus' name.
We take authority over the spirit of epilepsy and we cast you out in Jesus' name.
Release them and let them go.
You spirit of epilepsy, you get off of them in Jesus' name.
In Jesus' name.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
The healing pathways in the brain.
I see the pathways in the brain.
I see the brain right now.
The lining of the brain waves.
You say, 'What is he doing?
' I'm praying in tongues.
I'm praying in tongues.
Ears are popping open.
We call ears to open in Jesus' name.
Muffled ears, muffled hearing, muffled ears be open in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise, Lord, for the manifestations on the brain right now.
For the manifestations on the brain, pathways of the brain from toxic things.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Alzheimer's is being healed.
Oh, we call Alzheimer's healed right now in Jesus' name.
Dementia.
Oh, we thank you, Lord.
Dementia is whole and healed and well in Jesus' name.
It's like a fog.
You see like a demonic fog over that mind.
I've seen it.
It looks like a demonic black haze all around that mind and it wraps around the mind like a serpent tries to wrap around its prey and it goes and squeezes.
And I saw demonic over that mind and we call that fog, we call the brain fog, we call the demonic stronghold to be released in Jesus' name.
Be loosed in Jesus' name.
Be off of these persons in Jesus' name.
It's more than one.
Release in Jesus' name.
Be thou loosed in Jesus' name.
The angels of the Lord are moving on your behalf right now in Jesus' name.
The misfiring is healed and whole and well.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
They're loosed.
Loosed.
Be loosed from this high blood pressure.
Be healed and whole.
Be free from that high blood pressure in Jesus' name.
Be free.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord for today.
Make much of the blood, sir.
Make much of the blood.
Stand your ground.
Like a troop stands his ground.
Thank you, Lord.
We give you praise, Lord, for you give us authority over all of this.
Over all of it.
We have authority over all of it.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
We call forth the trade wars to stop today.
We call the trade wars to stop today.
We say in the name of Jesus that Father, we call no medicine shortages, no doctor supply shortages, hospital supply shortages.
We're saying it will not happen.
We thank you, Lord, for wisdom.
Wisdom on how to deal with this, that there will not be a BRICS rising up and all this strife, Father, there'll be a peace and a flow.
Call those things that be not as though they were.
We call those things that be not as though they were in Jesus' name.
We call things to change in Jesus' name.
We pray over President Trump that he has wisdom today.
Wisdom.
Wisdom on how to lead this nation.
Wisdom over JD Vance.
We call wisdom and the demonic hindrances to be broken in Jesus' name, to be off of these men in Jesus' name.
That Father, they'll hear your voice clearly and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
They'll hear you clearly, Lord.
And a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
Father, as we line up and we protect Israel and we do the things that we know to do, Father, there's blessing in this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for uncovering of Iran and the darkness that you've showed me from Iran.
Father, there'll be uncovering in the days ahead.
And we speak and call those things that be not as though they were, that they will not strike with biological or chemical weapons over our Easter services.
Father, we cover every brother and sister in the Middle East.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over our services, that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
No shootings, no bombings, no calamity of any kind come nigh any church services in Jesus' name.
We take authority over that right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped round about every single service.
Father, all the way around the side, there are chain-link angels all around our auditoriums and around our churches.
Thank you, Lord, that you send your angels to protect us, and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We believe we receive in Jesus' name your divine protection over us, God, for great change is about to take place.
Oh, and they'll never be the same.
We worship you, Lord.
Oh Lord, we worship you.
Glory to God.
We thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough.
There's more than one.
We have breakthrough.
Oh, you're the God of the breakthrough.
Oh, Lord, we thank you.
We give you praise, Lord.
We worship you.
We glorify you.
We're joint-heirs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're rising up in these days ahead, and we're taking our authority.
We call forth the people to vote, that it's too big to rig over Canada, that the people would rise up and vote.
We call for a swaying of things, a swaying of the pendulum to go the good way, that there would be a major wave of the righteous to rise up and vote in Canada.
The people would say, 'We're done with the Liberal Party; we're done with the liberal way of thinking.
' They would rise up in the name of Jesus over Canada and they would take back their country, for a mighty rushing wind from sea to sea, that there would be a mighty rushing wind of the Holy Ghost and fire over that nation in the name of Jesus.
For this is a time like never before to get the glory out, to get the manifestation of his presence out.
And there will be rejoicing in the streets, for great change is coming.
There'll be rejoicing in the streets all over Australia, over the Philippines, over Russia, and over all of Asia, for a great change is coming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
And the rocket ship is taking off.
The end-time glory rocket ship is taking off, filled with prayer, fueled and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
And we are fueling this with prayer.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh Lord, we give you praise and glory.
Thank you, Lord, that people's needs are being met right now.
Every single person who has a need, it is being met right now.
There's no more lack.
There's no more bondage over you.
For whom the Son sets free, you know he's free indeed.
No more bondage.
You've got to believe it.
No more bondage, for He has set us free.
Glory to God.
We thank you, Lord, for you redeemed us.
Thank you, Lord, that you've shown us that which is to come.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We're calling those things.
We're moving in the spirit.
We're not going to stay where we are.
We're going from glory to glory.
Lord, thank you.
We rise up.
We take our place and our authority.
No more of the demonic today.
Father, we walk free.
It's all shriveled up.
The demonic spirit, I see it with its wings, trying to hold them.
It looked like a bat.
We're whipping up on them.
They don't like it.
It's the power and the authority of the believer.
They have to run and flee, for we submit ourselves unto God.
We resist the devil and he will flee.
I believe that scripture.
The devil's fleeing because he's wrapped up there.
I saw a fetal position, looking like a little devil all curled up.
He was scared because they don't want to mess with a believer who knows who they are.
They're only looking for whom they may devour.
Not a believing believer.
He has to seek because he can't find them all.
You've got to believe it.
Be a believing believer.
Say, 'No more bondage.
' For whom the Son sets free, you know he's free indeed.
I believe it, Father.
We're on the victory side.
Get on the victory side of prayer.
We're more than conquerors.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world.
We're not going to go back.
We're going forward and we're taking the land for Jesus.
Be fully persuaded today that what God promised, He's able also to perform in your life.
I believe.
I receive it.
I walk in victory in my finances, in my health, in my marriage, and for my children.
I'm on the victory side.
Glory to God.
You've got to get excited.
Now, Father, we worship you.
Thank you for everything.
When we pray, we let our prayers and our praise all equal.
Father, we just give you praise for there's breakthrough.
Minister unto the Lord today.
Thank you, Jesus, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
We praise you and worship you.
Thank you, Jesus, for all that You said You were going to do and all that You bring to pass.
It's coming to harvest at last, Lord.
We give you praise, Father, today.
Thank you, Lord, that we've got victory.
We're going from glory to glory.
Today is a good day, Father.
This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be glad in it.
Thank you, Lord, for Your holy written Word.
Thank you for this beautiful Bible.
You've given us the Word, and it's a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
We make much of the Word today.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you for all that You've done.
We're not going to be down and out anymore.
We're going to be over and above.
Glory to God.
Everybody say amen.
I just feel the presence of the Lord today.
Being excited that there's some breakthrough, be filled with the Holy Ghost and have breakthrough today.
Being excited, anticipating God to show up and show off in your life.
Anticipate it, have expectation for it.
I'm expecting today to be my day.
Live on the victory side of it.
Not saying, 'Well, when is it coming?
' No, I expect it today.
I expect a miracle.
I expect my miracle today.
I anticipate the inevitable supernatural.
Remember that.
I expect a miracle.
I expect it.
I expect my miracle today, Lord.
You're going to bring it to pass today.
Thank you, Lord.
We're not believing for tomorrow; we believe today.
For faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen.
I believe it now.
Now is the time for victory for you.
That's what we have today.
I give all the glory and honor to Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
I want to say thank you all for showing up today.
Thank you for praying with me.
We're believing for victory for you.
We're believing for Canada to turn around and that people are protected in the East so that the trade wars will not escalate.
I hope this blessed you today.
Thank you for joining me.
If you could do me a favor, subscribe.
You knew it was coming, right?
You knew I was going to say it before I even said it.
Would you please subscribe to my YouTube channel?
It really blesses us.
To every single one of you that have subscribed, thank you.
God bless every single one of you.
We've increased a lot these last couple of days because of the trade war prophecy that was on there.
There's a lot more people coming around looking at that.
I guess they look for authenticity.
I do my best.
I'm a work in progress just like everybody else.
I thank the Lord that He wants to use me the way He has, and I'm honored and humbled by it.
I appreciate every single one of you subscribing.
If you could subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the like button.
There were a lot of likes on this last video, and I just want to say thank you all for doing that.
I know it doesn't take a lot of time, but some elderly people don't know how to do it.
Just go up there and click that little bell and the thumb.
It really helps us.
It makes YouTube realize that there's people out there wanting to watch my videos, and it boosts me in the algorithm because they see people like it.
It's all about ads to them; they want people to watch their commercials, and that's what makes them money.
We're excited that you help us with that.
Clicking helps the algorithm.
God bless you all, and we appreciate you being here today.
I've said that a lot, but I really am grateful.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again tomorrow, hopefully.
I've been trying to do every other day because Braden is trying to translate the videos into all the other languages.
It's a lot because he's still going to school, and I've been trying not to hit him so hard.
He said, 'Dad, I gotta get China out.
I gotta get these other nations; they're all waiting for the gospel.
' So on those other days, he's been uploading to Brazil and all the other channels.
It's keeping him busy until he finishes high school in the summer, and then he'll have a lot more time.
But right now, he has to keep his grades up.
We're getting there and we're doing it.
God bless you all.
We thank you.
See you again soon.
Bye-bye.